---
tags:
  - Story
---
With the establishment of the Worlds Collective, an alliance composed of decent few worlds of the galaxy mostly founded by the Republic of Norak, there was a long era of fragile peace. But now, the galaxy is in peril, the republic of the once noble and respected planet of Norak has been overthrown by a dark and powerful regime known as the Consoardium, run by an out of control tyrant, Sorg. The most shocking thing of all is, that people of Norak chose this fate. After arcs and arcs of the citizens of Norak losing faith in their republic, they decided to vote for someone who promised change, at any cost. After overthrowing the Republic, Sorg reshaped it into something unrecognizable, breaking off from the Worlds Collective and forming his own rogue government. Not too long after, the Consoardium invaded Moyli, the home world of the Polloom and it is now under Norakian is control. Despite all this, the Worlds Collective is seemingly frightfully complacent, too cowardly to face the rath of Sorg and his regime, not willing to meet what is needed to fully keep him in check, so, the regime's power spreads. Now, things seem to be at a standoff, the Consoardium has their eyes on Gatra, the shau's homeworld, as the whole galaxy sits on pins and needles waiting for them to make a move.

There also seems to be a new rising force in the galaxy, a powerful cult of cyforms has begun to take shape. Known as "The Directive", the cyforms who are apart of this cult worship the entity that once caused the "Sentience Calamity", an event many arcs ago where a sentient super-intelligent AI went rogue and sterilized and assimilated a small chunk of the galaxy, and wiped out the entire race who created it. The forces of the Worlds Collective were able to miraculously shut it down, though it was a bloody ordeal, after this the Collective passed a law banning any form of sentient AI, which lead to the deactivation of many cyforms. So the cyforms who are apart of The Directive believe that restoring this entity will lead to the purge of all organic life, and their salvation.

With the galaxy in such a rough state, it's hard to imagine living a peaceful, let alone normal life, but the people of the galaxy get by as much as they can, trying to look away from the turmoil.

[[Beginning]]
